[docs] Inform about specific files for DataGrid locales (#30411)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/guides/localization/localization.md

### Example

{{"demo": "pages/guides/localization/Locales.js", "hideToolbar": true}}

> > ⚠️ The `DataGrid` and `DataGridPro` components have their own locale files. To use them see the documentation about [localization for DataGrid](/components/data-grid/localization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ For [`DataGrid` and `DataGridPro`](/components/data-grid/) components, they have their own [localization](/components/data-grid/localization/).
```
